BATUHAN SEDAT KOLBAS Computer Engineer & 8422879736 @ batuhankolbas@hotmail.com @ ABOUT ME Proactive and dynamic fourth grade Computer Engineering student at University. Good at problem-solving and research. Having high level analytical Intelligence. A perfect potential to be a leader and having the abllity to make his team members better. Successful in his with 3.49 GPA, Making his minor In Industriat Engineering/Optimization Programme. Interested In machine learning, data sclence and app development. EXPERIENCE Business Development Long Term 07/2024 - Present Intern Garanti BBVA Tarklye Key Achlevements: Supported staff members in thelr tasks, reducing workload burden and allowing for increased focus on higher-priority assignments. Gained valuable experience working within a specific industry, applying concepts directly Into relevant work situations. Gained hands-on experience in various software programs such as Excel, Powerpolnt, Miro and $QL programming language, Increasing and expanding technical skill set. Analyzed problems and worked with teams to develop solutions. Conducted research for various projects, leading to well-informed decisions and successful outcomes. Improved skills on project management and gained valuable experience on agile methodology EDUCATION Computer Engineering /Major - GPA3.49 09/2020 - 06/2025 Bahcesehir University Engineering /Minor 02/2024 - 06/2025 Bahcesehir University CAPSTONE PROJECT tnvoice Processing and Classification System with OCR 10/2024 - Present and Named Entity Recognition Project Status: Under Development Project Description: The purpose of my Capstone Project Is to design and develop an intelligent system that automates the processing of invoices using Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology. The system will classify invoices based on their type and perform Named Entity Recognition (NER) to extract key Information such as vendor name, Invoice amount, and date. The project alms to provide a solution for seeking to reduce manual data entry tasks and improve operational in their accounting workflows. SKILLS & LANGUAGES     BOOTCAMPS  
